Add dependency injection of classes (#1143)
starlite-api/starlite: docs/usage/dependency-injection.rst

The above example illustrates how dependencies are declared on the different layers of the application.

Dependencies can be either callables - sync or async functions, methods or class instances that implement the

> :meth:`__call__` method, or class constructors. These are in turn wrapped inside an instance of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`__call__` method, or classes. These are in turn wrapped inside an instance of the
```
